==The Essence of Continuous Deployment

Simploy.java a single class that replaces the overhead of Hudson on Tomcat and the clunkiness of JUnit tests running in Ant.


==1) Run Simploy

  java Simploy compileCommand testsRootFolder deployCommand

Example:

  java Simploy "ant build" ./bin/tests "ant deploy"

Make sure JUnit is on the classpath.


Simploy executes the following cycle:
- Git pull
- Compile your code and tests
- Run your JUnit tests
- 


==2) Set Up Your Hook

Configure "Github > YourProject > Admin > Service Hooks > Post-Receive URL" to point to http://yourserver.com:44321/SecretPhrase

Everytime github receives a push in YourProject it will call that URL. Simploy will listen for that request on port 44321 and do a pull/compile/test/deploy attempt.

The "SecretPhrase" and the port number can be changed inside the code.


==2) java Simploy "ant compile" ./bin/tests "ant deploy"

Run Simploy on yourserver.com passing it 3 parameters:
- The command to run to compile your code and tests.
- The root directory for all your tests. All classes ending in "...Test" will be run.
- The command to deploy 
Precisa Eclipse Helios e o plugin do GWT 2.2 instalado nele.

  git clone git@github.com:teamware/agitos.git

Importar no eclipse o projeto agitos que esta dentro da pasta agitos.

Já removimos todas as dependencias e migramos para GWT 2.2.

==Para rodar em desenvolvimento

Botão direito no projeto e Run As > WebApplication (Google)

==Para rodar sem o ambiente de dev.

Compilar no eclipse, usando o icone do GWT no toolbar do eclipse ou botão direito no projeto agitos
e depois Google >> GWT Compile

